Removed Trace-ID from the tracestate in examples (#283)
w3c/distributed-tracing: spec/20-http_header_format.md

``` http
traceparent: 00-0af7651916cd43dd8448eb211c80319c-b7ad6b7169203331-01
tracestate: congo=t61rcWkgMzE
```

> Note, `t61rcWkgMzE` is base64 encoded parent ID `b7ad6b7169203331`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: In this case, the value `t61rcWkgMzE`, is the result of Base64 encoding the Trace-ID (`b7ad6b7169203331`), though such manipulations are not required in `tracestate`.
```
